You don't either
From the first day I met you at school until now
Haven't you ever talked about girlfriends?
There are so many outstanding girls in our school
No one can get into your eyes
Actually there is
Blue Dragon
I like you.
Be my girlfriend
Sorry Qin Luo
Did that scare you?
i
I just want to tell you that I like you
You don't have to rush to answer me.
Sorry, I want to go back to Qin Mo first
heart
I really like you, but don't be nervous.
I confess to you
It's not about forcing you to make a choice
If you need to consider
I can wait.
Repeat what you just said
Mr. Qin, I like you
Be my girlfriend
Ok, I promise.
Real Qin Luo
Is what you said true?
Mr. Qin